Many systems jump straight to five agents in a meeting.
The first step may already be wrong.
Anthropic says the basic building block is an augmented LLM: one model enhanced with retrieval, tools, and memory.
Retrieval finds the outside facts needed right now, so the model is not answering only from memory.
Tools let the model query systems or take actions, turning text judgment into real operations.
Memory keeps the state that actually matters across steps, so the system does not restart from zero every time.
Example: a support agent checks an order, calls a refund tool, and remembers what the user already confirmed.
The point is not to stuff in every capability.
Keep the interfaces clear and the context just enough.
Tiny Rule: augment one model first.
Split into multiple agents only when the responsibilities truly conflict.
Follow Tiny Agent.
Learn one AI agent idea every day.